docs/checklists/PR.md, before:

# Pull Request Submission Checklist

Before submitting a Pull Request (PR)

- Do not commit binary files unless it is required for an issue
    - Do not commit `temp`orary files.
    - The usual exception for binary files would be any new/updates to documentation in the `docs/` folder.
- Make sure that you have wrote thorough Python documentation of any new functions that you write
    - [Use the example pydoc string example below as a reference.](#example-pydoc-string)
- If you edited a file in a directory, check the `README.md`s in that directory, and all parent directories as necessary.  If you change something that makes the current documentation different/incorrect, updates to the READMEs need to be reflected, appropriately
    - e.g. if editing `folder_a/b/c.py`; update `folder_a/b/README.md`, `folder_a/README.md` and `README.md` (the repository's top-level README).
- Styling
    - This should be enforced by `.vscode/settings.json`, but...
    - 4 spaces over tabs.
    - Follow [PEP8](https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=python+pep8&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8).
    - Basically: `snake_case` for variables, functions, and methods, `CapsCase` for classes.
- Security
    - If writing a new endpoint...
    - **Ask**: Who should be able to access this endpoint? Everyone, logged in users, or administrators?
    - **Double Check**: Make sure to use the `validate_login` function. Look for examples in `edu_storybook.api.admin`.
- Test
    - **When writing a new endpoint**: Use Postman/curl to send a test request to an endpoint. Screenshot it, and include it in the PR to prove it works.
    - **When changing UI elements**: Please include a screenshot of the effects of changing a template/HTML/CSS. Optionally (and appreciated) is to include a before screenshot for comparison.


## Summarized Checklist

 - Do not commit binary (images, videos, and others).
 - Write Python documentation.
 - Update READMEs, recursively up the parent folders.
 - Follow Python stlying (when in doubt, check surrounding code for context or clues).
 - Evaluate how much privilege a user should have to access an endpoint, and check it.
 - Test, and document your testing.

## Example Pydoc String

Here's an example pydoc string for a regular function.

```
def my_cool_function(argument: str) -> str:
    '''
    This function does a thing.

    Args:
     - argument: A cool argument.

    Returns: Useful string.
    '''
    some_stuff()
    ...
    return 'e'
```

For any function in `edu_storybook.api`, follow this pydoc string:

```
@blueprint.route('/cool/route', methods=['POST'])
def my_cool_route():
    '''
    Gets user a refreshing cold glass of soda.

    Expects:
     - age: The user's age as an integer.

    Fails:
     - `1`: Non-int value for `age`
     - `2`: Age too low.
     - `3`: Age too high.

    Returns: Coupon for a free soda pop.
    '''
```

Since we're using `pdoc` to generate documentation, [it supports Markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).

Commit message:

update pr.md for side effects

docs/checklists/PR.md, after:

# Pull Request Submission Checklist

Before submitting a Pull Request (PR)

1. Do not commit binary files unless it is required for an issue
    - Do not commit `temp`orary files.
    - The usual exception for binary files would be any new/updates to documentation in the `docs/` folder.
2. Make sure that you have wrote thorough Python documentation of any new functions that you write
    - [Use the example pydoc string example below as a reference.](#example-pydoc-string)
3. If you edited a file in a directory, check the `README.md`s in that directory, and all parent directories as necessary.  If you change something that makes the current documentation different/incorrect, updates to the READMEs need to be reflected, appropriately
    - e.g. if editing `folder_a/b/c.py`; update `folder_a/b/README.md`, `folder_a/README.md` and `README.md` (the repository's top-level README).
4. Styling
    - This should be enforced by `.vscode/settings.json`, but...
    - 4 spaces over tabs.
    - Follow [PEP8](https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=python+pep8&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8).
    - Basically: `snake_case` for variables, functions, and methods, `CapsCase` for classes.
5. Security
    - If writing a new endpoint...
    - **Ask**: Who should be able to access this endpoint? Everyone, logged in users, or administrators?
    - **Double Check**: Make sure to use the `validate_login` function. Look for examples in `edu_storybook.api.admin`.
6. Side-effects
    - Ask yourself "will the code I change effect any other code/functions/behaviors?"
    - Test the other code that you will effect, stringetly.
7. Test
    - **When writing a new endpoint**: Use Postman/curl to send a test request to an endpoint. Screenshot it, and include it in the PR to prove it works.
    - **When changing UI elements**: Please include a screenshot of the effects of changing a template/HTML/CSS. Optionally (and appreciated) is to include a before screenshot for comparison.


## Summarized Checklist

 1. Do not commit binary (images, videos, and others).
 2. Write Python documentation.
 3. Update READMEs, recursively up the parent folders.
 4. Follow Python stlying (when in doubt, check surrounding code for context or clues).
 5. Evaluate how much privilege a user should have to access an endpoint, and check it.
 6. Check if your code breaks code elsewhere, anything related to it.
 7. Test, and document your testing.

## Example Pydoc String

Here's an example pydoc string for a regular function.

```
def my_cool_function(argument: str) -> str:
    '''
    This function does a thing.

    Args:
     - argument: A cool argument.

    Returns: Useful string.
    '''
    some_stuff()
    ...
    return 'e'
```

For any function in `edu_storybook.api`, follow this pydoc string:

```
@blueprint.route('/cool/route', methods=['POST'])
def my_cool_route():
    '''
    Gets user a refreshing cold glass of soda.

    Expects:
     - age: The user's age as an integer.

    Fails:
     - `1`: Non-int value for `age`
     - `2`: Age too low.
     - `3`: Age too high.

    Returns: Coupon for a free soda pop.
    '''
```

Since we're using `pdoc` to generate documentation, [it supports Markdown](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax).
