# `storybook` Documentation

Here are the main helpful links:

 - [How to get started working on this project.](getting_started.md)
 - Documentation
     - [Generated documentation of the `edu_storybook` module.](pdocs/index.html)
     - [Documentation on our bucket helper script.](bucket.md)
     - [Manually created documentation for our API.](api.md)
     - [Hard lessons learnt.](hard_lessons.md)
 - Database
     - [An explanation of all of the columns and tables in our database.](schema.md)
     - [A diagram of our database.](Schema_Diagram.png)

## Folder Inventory

This is an explanation of our `docs/` folder:

 - [`action_labels.csv`](action_labels.csv): All the user actions that are recorded, their ID numbers, and their description.
 - [`api.md`](api.md): The Application Program Interface that allows AJAX requests to be sent from the user to the backend.
 - [`backend.md`](backend.md): A comprehensive description of the backend, how to set it up, and how to test it.
 - [`EduBook_Storyboard.jpg`](EduBook_Storyboard.jpg): A diagram of the user's flow through the different web pages.
 - [`Schema_Diagram.png`](Schema_Diagram.png): Our database schema diagram, as generated by SQL Developer.
 - [`schema.md`](schema.md): Comments and descriptions for all of the columns in all of the tables created in the database.

## Generating Documentation Instructions

From the root of the repo (outside of this directory):

```
make docs
```

Ensure that you have installed the Python requirements, which includes `pdoc` used for generating the documentation.

## Notes

 - Please read the `README.md` in the current directory that you are working in.  They all contain useful information on the scripts and files they are responsible for.
